---
layout: post
title: Vagrant upがConnection timeout. Retrying...から進まない
date: 2015-06-30 08:07:32
categories: vagrant
---
<p>「$ vagrant up」でvccwの立ち上げをやろうとしているのですが、「Connection timeout. Retrying...」から先に進めません。</p>

<blockquote>
  <p>$ vagrant up<br>
  Bringing machine 'default' up with 'virtualbox' provider...<br>
  ==> default: Importing base box 'centos'...<br>
  ==> default: Matching MAC address for NAT networking...<br>
  ==> default: Setting the name of the VM: vagrant-wataca_default_1435643479833_86344<br>
  ==> default: Clearing any previously set forwarded ports...<br>
  ==> default: Fixed port collision for 22 => 2222. Now on port 2200.<br>
  ==> default: Clearing any previously set network interfaces...<br>
  ==> default: Preparing network interfaces based on configuration...<br>
      default: Adapter 1: nat<br>
  ==> default: Forwarding ports...<br>
      default: 22 => 2200 (adapter 1)<br>
  ==> default: Booting VM...<br>
  ==> default: Waiting for machine to boot. This may take a few minutes...<br>
      default: SSH address: 127.0.0.1:2200<br>
      default: SSH username: vagrant<br>
      default: SSH auth method: private key<br>
      default: Warning: Connection timeout. Retrying...<br>
      default: Warning: Connection timeout. Retrying..</p>
</blockquote>

<p>その際のエラー文は以下のとおりです。</p>

<blockquote>
  <p>Timed out while waiting for the machine to boot. This means that<br>
  Vagrant was unable to communicate with the guest machine within<br>
  the configured ("config.vm.boot_timeout" value) time period.</p>
  
  <p>If you look above, you should be able to see the error(s) that<br>
  Vagrant had when attempting to connect to the machine. These errors<br>
  are usually good hints as to what may be wrong.</p>
  
  <p>If you're using a custom box, make sure that networking is properly<br>
  working and you're able to connect to the machine. It is a common<br>
  problem that networking isn't setup properly in these boxes.<br>
  Verify that authentication configurations are also setup properly,<br>
  as well.</p>
  
  <p>If the box appears to be booting properly, you may want to increase<br>
  the timeout ("config.vm.boot_timeout") value.</p>
</blockquote>

<p>config.vm.boot_timeoutを10秒→120秒に書き換えると以下のようなメッセージに変わりました。</p>

<blockquote>
  <p>The guest machine entered an invalid state while waiting for it<br>
  to boot. Valid states are 'starting, running'. The machine is in the<br>
  'poweroff' state. Please verify everything is configured<br>
  properly and try again.</p>
  
  <p>If the provider you're using has a GUI that comes with it,<br>
  it is often helpful to open that and watch the machine, since the<br>
  GUI often has more helpful error messages than Vagrant can retrieve.<br>
  For example, if you're using VirtualBox, run <code>vagrant up</code> while the<br>
  VirtualBox GUI is open.</p>
</blockquote>

<p>「vagrant up」後に「vagrant ssh」で接続することもできません。</p>

<p>また他のVagrantfileでも同様の問題が発生していますので、</p>

<p>VirtualBoxまわりかSSHの設定が漏れているのかなと思っていますが、この先どう調べていけばいいのか手詰まり状態です。</p>

<p>かなり基本的なミスではないかと思うのですが、アドバイスを頂けると幸いです。</p>
