---
layout: post
title: Google maps platformで自作のルートをmap上に描画しても良い？
date: 2018-09-06 08:33:59
categories: google-maps
---
<p>標記の件、教えてください。<br>
Direction APIでGoogleのナビゲーション機能（出発地と目的地をつなぐルートを算出する機能）があると思いますが、自分が引きたいルートを引いてくれないので、自作でルート探索アプリを作って、その結果をGoogle map上に描画するのって規約上問題ありますでしょうか？<br>
下記の規約の条文の(c) No Re-Creating Google Products or Features.に抵触するかも。。。と感じました。<br>
ご教示いただけますと幸甚です。</p>

<p>3.2.4 Restrictions Against Misusing the Services.</p>

<p>(a)  No Scraping.  Customer will not extract, export, scrape, or cache Google Maps Content for use outside the Services. For example, Customer will not:(i) pre-fetch, index, store, reshare, or rehost Google Maps Content outside the services; (ii) bulk download geocodes; (iii) copy business names, addresses, or user reviews; or (iv) use Google Maps Content with text-to-speech services. Caching is permitted for certain Services as described in the Maps Service Specific Terms.</p>

<p>(b) No Creating Content From Google Maps Content. Customer will not create content based on Google Maps Content, including tracing, digitizing, or creating other datasets based on Google Maps Content.</p>

<p>(c) No Re-Creating Google Products or Features. Customer will not use the Services to create a product or service with features that are substantially similar to or that re-create the features of another Google product or service. Customer’s product or service must contain substantial, independent value and features beyond the Google products or services.  For example, Customer will not: (i) re-distribute the Google Maps Core Services or pass them off as if they were Customer’s services; (ii) create a substitute of the Google Maps Core Services, Google Maps, or Google Maps mobile apps, or their features; (iii) use the Google Maps Core Services in a listings or directory service or to create or augment an advertising product; (iv) combine data from the Directions API, Geolocation API, and Maps SDK for Android to create real-time navigation functionality substantially similar to the functionality provided by the Google Maps for Android mobile app.</p>

<p>(d) No Use With Non-Google Maps. Customer will not use the Google Maps Core Services in a Customer Application that contains a non-Google map. For example, Customer will not (i) display Places listings on a non-Google map, or (ii) display Street View imagery and non-Google maps in the same Customer Application.</p>
