---
layout: post
title: MacでVagrantとVirtualBoxを使用してCentOS7環境を作成する
date: 2019-06-03 12:16:20
categories: macos vagrant virtualbox
---
<p>初心者エンジニアです。<br>
MacでVagrantとVirtualBoxを使用してCentOS7環境を作成する際、vagrant upをすると<br>
以下のエラーが発生します。<br>
最終的には192.168.33.10へ接続してhttpdサーバーへアクセスするとこをゴールとしています。</p>

```
The following SSH command responded with a non-zero exit status.
Vagrant assumes that this means the command failed!

 setup

Stdout from the command:

Stderr from the command:

bash: line 4: setup: command not found
```

<p>vagrant statusを実行するとrunningと表示されるためvagrantは起動している認識です。</p>

```
Current machine states:

default                   running (virtualbox)

The VM is running. To stop this VM, you can run `vagrant halt` to
shut it down forcefully, or you can run `vagrant suspend` to simply
suspend the virtual machine. In either case, to restart it again,
simply run `vagrant up`.
```

<p>現在の状況で192.168.33.10へ接続すると3分ほどのローディング後、<br>
「ページを開けません。ページ"192.168.33.10"を開けません。このページのあるサーバが応答しません。」と表示されます。</p>

<p>※追記<br>
↓vagrantfileの内容</p>

<pre class="lang-rb prettyprint-override"><code># -*- mode: ruby -*-
# vi: set ft=ruby :

# All Vagrant configuration is done below. The "2" in Vagrant.configure
# configures the configuration version (we support older styles for
# backwards compatibility). Please don't change it unless you know what
# you're doing.
Vagrant.configure("2") do |config|
  # The most common configuration options are documented and commented below.
  # For a complete reference, please see the online documentation at
  # https://docs.vagrantup.com.

  # Every Vagrant development environment requires a box. You can search for
  # boxes at https://vagrantcloud.com/search.
  config.vm.box = "centos/7"

  # Disable automatic box update checking. If you disable this, then
  # boxes will only be checked for updates when the user runs
  # `vagrant box outdated`. This is not recommended.
  # config.vm.box_check_update = false

  # Create a forwarded port mapping which allows access to a specific port
  # within the machine from a port on the host machine. In the example below,
  # accessing "localhost:8080" will access port 80 on the guest machine.
  # NOTE: This will enable public access to the opened port
  # config.vm.network "forwarded_port", guest: 80, host: 8080

  # Create a forwarded port mapping which allows access to a specific port
  # within the machine from a port on the host machine and only allow access
  # via 127.0.0.1 to disable public access
  # config.vm.network "forwarded_port", guest: 80, host: 8080, host_ip: "127.0.0.1"

  # Create a private network, which allows host-only access to the machine
  # using a specific IP.
  config.vm.network "private_network", ip: "192.168.33.10"

  # Create a public network, which generally matched to bridged network.
  # Bridged networks make the machine appear as another physical device on
  # your network.
  # config.vm.network "public_network"

  # Share an additional folder to the guest VM. The first argument is
  # the path on the host to the actual folder. The second argument is
  # the path on the guest to mount the folder. And the optional third
  # argument is a set of non-required options.
  # config.vm.synced_folder "../data", "/vagrant_data"

  # Provider-specific configuration so you can fine-tune various
  # backing providers for Vagrant. These expose provider-specific options.
  # Example for VirtualBox:
  #
  # config.vm.provider "virtualbox" do |vb|
  #   # Display the VirtualBox GUI when booting the machine
  #   vb.gui = true
```

<p>↓vagrant ssh-configの結果</p>

```
Host default
  HostName 127.0.0.1
  User vagrant
  Port 2222
  UserKnownHostsFile /dev/null
  StrictHostKeyChecking no
  PasswordAuthentication no
  IdentityFile /Users/muraitakahiro/centos7/.vagrant/machines/default/virtualbox/private_key
  IdentitiesOnly yes
  LogLevel FATAL
```

<p>↓ssh -l vagrant -i .vagrant/machines/default/virtualbox/private_key 192.168.33.10の結果</p>

```
ssh: connect to host 192.168.33.10 port 22: Host is down
```
